now underground you've got an amazing
route for medicine the route is a has a
yellow hue to it which is why the most
famous one is called yellow route or
yellow doc which is roommate's Crispus
and room X is the genus and it's in the
polygon a CA family the the route is Wow
I just I feel like it you if you get to
know it it'll be one of these medicines
that you just rely on it really purifies
and detoxifies the system if I go to
like London for more than a few days
I'll start to get a mouth ulcers and my
skin will start to break out and you
know I'll just be coming toxified so as
soon as I get out of there I'll get my
hands on some root and make a tea or you
can make a tincture which is an alcohol
extract and detoxify your system so just
I mean we are inundated I don't know if
you've read that I mean here we are at
the heart of the industrial revolution
zone here but since the 1940s the
industry has added over a hundred and
forty thousand chemicals to the
atmosphere one hundred and forty
thousand only 303 percent of them have
been tested for toxicity so we're really
being inundated with toxic chemicals and
we need to be on top of that we need to
be you know you can't shield yourself I
mean you can't you know we're breathing
and we're eating and we're living but
you can keep supporting your cleansing
systems and the root of this is amazing
for that now if you're a woman or have
been involved with raising children or
something like that you may have heard
about yellow doc is something that's
useful and I think a lot of that's
misinformation and that they say oh the
root has a lot of iron in it I don't
think it's that the root has a wide iron
it that helps your body to absorb iron
so if you know anybody who's anemic if
they're taking like iron supplements and
stuff like that the odds are those on
that iron someone's just passing right
through their body but if you get them
to start taking the root of this on a
regular basis that when they do take
iron into their body it helps to bring
it into the cyst
be absorbed and so often that's the
problem is people you know wake up and
start to shift their lives but they
don't go through a cleansing process in
the mean time and so as they're doing
this good stuff they have this like
whole coding through their entire body
of what we call mucoid plaque and it can
be up to like that thick through your
whole digestive system so you can't even
absorb nutrients anymore and so you've
got to go through a cleansing in order
to really open yourself up to to being
able to absorb nutrients again and
there's a whole process to that this can
be helpful in getting my on can I just
ask about tolerance because some of the
the kind of wild food is in in Britain a
very specific on saying you know yes we
could eat say dark but not everyone can
because of the kind of allergic
reactions that some people have to
different food substances right what's
your take on that do you think you don't
haven't you that sounds like you don't
that's not too much of an issue for you
yeah if it's an edible plant then what
is if you haven't been to plants for a
future PFA or amazing resource 77,000
plants are on there that they talk about
it they're a little coffee overly
cautious because they're trying to cover
themselves being sued or whatever but
they're still really broad
I think it's an evolutionary thing if
you are have only been eating refined
flour and sugars and you know things
like that your whole life it's kind of
really shock your system to try to go
out and start wild forging the next day
or something so it's an evolutionary
thing but you can you can bring a bond
bring upon that evolution in yourself
you know over years of time I always say
that if you give a month for every year
of your life that you weren't awake to
your digestion and all that then like if
you were thirty by the time you realized
oh my gosh I need to like pay attention
to what I eat then
then you should give yourself what
almost three years to transition so I
think it's a it's a it's a time thing
and really sticking with it and not
because and that's the problem a lot of
people wake up and then they just want
to like shift immediately and I think
it's something that really something
that takes some time but we're all
individuals we all need to it's a
relationship and we don't have a lot of
time to do that today but just to
realize that this is not just some
innocuous thing that's hanging out here
this is a living entity that's evolved
with humans so it's been with humans
forever and so to have a relationship
with it to be able to in a sense
communicate with it and be able to say
hey I need you for food I need you for
medicine and and what what am i giving
back to you I'm giving back to you
restart and doing back to you is
recognizing you from the fold and in
some ways and you know helping you to
live is something that is a mutualistic
kind of way of relating so I think that
evolution is as part of it and and not
everything is for everybody so you have
to kind of find out what works